We will use two types of
pictures for eliciting or
helping you to generate your
words. There will be two types.
The first type that you will see
will be. The first item is a
complex scene. As the name
suggests is a very busy picture.
Imagine that you're describing
it to someone who cannot see it.
Describe what is happening and
what you see as thoroughly as
possible, and take between three
and five minutes in describing
what you see and what is
happening. OK, OK, so.
Whenever you're ready.
#START_by_the_lake All right. So
there is a lake that is
surrounded by a white beach and
there are people, probably about
1000 people that are all is
participating in various beach
activities. There is boats that
people are riding on that there
are kayaks. Someone is in a red
kayak and they're paddling next
to someone in a blue kayak.
There's a jet ski with three
people.
On it.
Next to them is a paddle
boarder. There are two paddle
boarders and they're near rock
that is separating the three.
There's another paddle boarder
now.
And then there is a dragon boat.
The Dragon boat has about 15 to
20 people. They're all wearing
the same type of blue and white
hat it looks like, and a yellow
T-shirt.
And then right in front of them
is a person that is appears to
be a man in a bathing suit trunk
and he seems to be jumping off
of a rock, followed by more
people that are jumping off of
that similar rock.
Behind them there are two people
that are riding bicycles and
other people are playing on the
rocks around them. There are
about three to four people.
That are sitting and standing on
the rock.
Umm, and there appears to be a
cabin located behind near the
there are several different like
types of buildings. There's a
cabin that a family or group of
people seem to be picnicking at.
There's someone grilling and
someone's drinking something,
and they're all just sitting
around outside next to the red
cooler and.
Umm.
Behind the behind there there's
another building. It appears to
have two red Spires and it's a
red just a red building. I not
too sure what that building
would be, but then people seem
to be parasailing in front of it
with rainbow colored parasails
off of a boat.
And.
Lots of other there's a yellow
sail and a red sail as wet as
well. And then they are all near
a.
They look like tandems.
Water skiers. There's about like
30 or so people all stacked on
top of each other and red and
yellow.
Umm.
Attire. And they're all just
stacked on top of each other,
from about 10 people to 8 to 3
to 2 to 1, all in the shape of a
pyramid. And they are all water
skiing.
And their next to another castle
looking thing that's on the left
side of the picture. So far left
as top left I would say and far
top left as you can be.
There's tubing that's going on.
So people are playing in a
yellow tube and they're right in
front of the 30 or so pyramid
people and someone looks to be
riding a water motorcycle, so.
I don't know what that is, but
it's got red wheels and
someone's waving and in front of
them there are two people in one
of those on those duck boats. It
looks like it's orange, but the
you pedal with your feet, and I
can tell because that person's
feet or his knees are up, so it
looks like he's all scrunched up
in the boat.
And then paras, I guess. I don't
know what parasailing exactly
entails, but they're on those
boats that have.
There is a board and then the
sails that come off and you
hang, you hang on to it.
That Hang Gliding, sailing, hang
sailing. #END_by_the_lake
And there's probably a better
specific term. I'm not a very,
not very good with the the water
terminology. Yeah, OK, so that's
the first complex scene.
On.
OK, the second item is a
different type of pictures that
you will see a graphic novel.
Alright, it's a series of
pictures that tells a story. So
describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story. At most it will be
around 30 pages and try to take
between 10 to 15 minutes. I'm
keeping track of the time as you
go through the story. I'll just,
we'll just move along as we look
at the.
OK, OK. OK.
When you're ready.
#START_journey So there is a
girl, and in front of the girl
there is a bright red scooter
and she's sitting on the front
steps of a house, her parent I'm
assuming that they're her
parents, that her mom is cooking
in the kitchen right now, and
her dad is upstairs reading
something on this on his
computer and a sibling of hers
is playing on their phone in the
room adjacent.
To the father. And so this girl
whose name I'm assuming is
Josephine, but because the book
says for Josephine, she is
sitting on the front steps of
this house in front of this red
tricycle. There appears to be a
city in the background. There is
a lot of skyscrapers that appear
to be going on. So she looks
really sad and really unhappy.
And across from her is a person
is another little kid and they'd
have a bright pink.
Marker or some type of writing
utensil, could be chalk and it
could be some type of brightly
colored pen, but it's bright
pink and they are observing some
of the other kids as they high
five and ride their bicycles.
Um.
So Josephine comes in and she
brings the red scooter inside
and she seems to be appearing to
want to play with her mom or
observe what her mom is doing.
Her mom is too busy. She's
cooking, she cannot. She's on
the phone, she cannot play with
Josephine. So she goes upstairs
to her dad's office, but he's
still on the computer. He still
doesn't want to play with her.
She has a red kite now as well,
and she seems to be offering up
all of these solutions of
different games to play.
And then she goes to the
sibling. The sibling is still on
their phone and does not want to
participate in that and Justine
has a red ball now as well. So
she goes back to her room and is
sitting and looks pretty
dejected as she sits on her bed
with a cat and her cat doesn't
want to play any attention to
her either.
And then she sees a marker on
the floor. It looks like a
bright red marker, similar to
what the little kid outside had.
She sees it on the floor. She
goes over and next to that
marker and a pile of papers, and
she begins to pick it up. And
then she begins to draw an
outline on the door on the wall
with that marker. And the marker
appears to be magic because it
turns into a door.
And Josephine is able to walk
through.
and once she walks through it.
She is entered into this
beautiful forest there are.
About 9 or so, blue lanterns in
various intricately covered
designs. And it's this beautiful
woods that is lit with all of
these fairy lights.
Very green. There's a lake or a
stream that's running through it
and it's just very picturesque
and she's looking up in
amazement.
Yeah.
And so she goes over to cross
the stream. And when she crosses
the stream, there's bridge. And
the bridge has a bit of an
opening. And so she's looking
down on it and she's like I'm
going to draw a boat. And so she
begins to draw on the water and
is able to draw herself a boat,
and she gets into the boat and
begins to sail away.
Oh, and when she gets into the
boat, she sails right into this
beautiful magical Kingdom. It is
ginormous. It's has all of these
beautiful gold Spires and
everything, and she's coming up
towards a drawbridge, it looks
like, or some type of gate.
And she's coming up in her red
boat and she's leaving the
forest behind?
And when she gets through the
drawbridge, there are all of
these guards that are prepared
to meet her, and it looks like
the entire Kingdom is full of
these.
Aqueducts that are just flowing
and people are sailing their
boats on them.
And people are waving her in.
It's got a lot of pulley system
and so it looks like a city of
aqueducts and water. So she's
sailing around in her red boat.
And being welcomed in and.
Then she's looks like she's
gonna go, she looks like she's
going to go off a waterfall and
she's like, Oh my God, I don't
know right now what I'm going to
do. So she draws a circle as she
falls down from her boat as she
goes off of the.
Off the side of the the
waterfall.
And starts to draw a circle.
And she ends up drawing a hot
air balloon and says sailing
away. And as she's failing up
towards the sky, she sees a
she's waving goodbye, and she
sees a little fortress in the
sky of these.
Ohh man, they're like they had.
They're powered by these
windmills and there seems to be
a lot of them up there and so
she's floating towards that the
New Sky fortress.
And when she gets there, she
sees people are trying to, like,
catch birds they're all
surrounded with.
All of these different types of.
Basically she goes and she sees
all of these people that are
catching these birds and they're
flying around in their
Windmill types of.
It's.
Ah.
Flying contraptions and she's
looking down and she's seeing
them and observing them as she
does below and it's looks to be
another fortress area.
So she thinks I'm gonna land on
it. And this.
This is big.
Flying spaceship and it seems to
be it's not spaceship, but it's
a windmill. It's a.
The words fail me. It's got
gold. It's got a dragon type of
design on it and it looks very
regal. It looks like something
that it is. It seems to be
powered by a various.
Umm.
Engines, there's smoke that's
coming out of the pillar. So
there seems to be like very
fancy and also rudimentary
airplanes. And so, yeah.
Um and she sees that inside this
gold contraption is the pink
bird that they were trying to
catch earlier. And so she lands
on the ship and she she starts
following them up.
And on that gold contraption
there is a beautiful pink bird
that is being held and guarded.
And so she sneaks on up and
she's climbing up the ladder
because she's going to go take a
better look and see what's going
on.
And so she steals the bird and
the guards, they're aghast,
they're just shocked. And as
she's running down, all of the
guards are chasing down her
youth. We see into the ship and
she's just running. She's she's
beat all the guards. There's a
frenzy, they are all frantic to
catch this bird, and she
releases this bird back into the
world, back into the sky.
And so the guards finally catch
her and the person who I'm
assuming is the head guard is
furious and he takes her red
marker, and he's her special red
marker, he drops it off the side
of the floating ship so they
have her held captive. He takes
her red marker and he throws it
off the side and they imprison
her in a floating bird cage. But
it takes you in Cage.
But it it resembles very closely
the bird cage at the bird
within, and they begin to lower
her below the flight.
And the bird remembers that she
freed it, and it brings back the
pink, the the red marker. And
this bird is bright pink. And
Josephine sees it as dusk is
coming on, and she's thrilled
because she's going to be able
to get out. And so she she sits
down, back in her cage with the
bird and begins to draw several
lines that are beginning to
resemble assuming an escape.
For Josephine.
But it's not. It is an escape.
It is a magic carpet. It's a red
carpet. And she and the pink
bird, they leave the cage, the
bloating bird cage, and they fly
across the city and people are
looking up and it looks to be a
different type of city. There
seems to be palm trees that I
didn't notice were present in
the other in our other kingdoms.
This is a different Kingdom and
it looks like she and the bird
are escaping together and this
as dusk comes into the city and
everybody starts to wake up.
And then nightfall, or I guess
it is. Yeah, it is dawn or dusk.
Yeah. And so it's nightfall is
coming upon us now. And they are
flying and they're flying across
and they're stars all in the
sky. And she's able to see it as
she flies into the desert. We
can see that we're leaving the
Kingdom because the Kingdom is
now to the far left of the page.
It's far behind us. And so we're
now flying away.
And so she gets to the base of a
palm tree. It's a single palm
tree in.
This desert and the bird. The
pink bird has a little pink door
and it's standing next to there,
almost gesturing Josephine to
come over and come inside. And
so Josephine takes her red
marker. She leaves behind the
magic carpet and she goes
inside. She goes to open up the
door and first. So she opens up
the door and the bird flies in
and she follows suit into this
home.
Tree.
Little home.
And when she comes out, the bird
flies immediately to the child
that was carrying the red, the
pink marker, earlier. And so she
comes out in this mailbox and.
The bird flies immediately to
that kid with the pink marker,
and the bird seems to be owned
by this child perches right on
his arm. And then his shoulder
has Josephine displays that she
has a magical red marker that
draws, and he also displays that
he has magical pink marker that
draws. And so the bird is
clearly his pink bird and she
and they both clearly have these
magical.
Markers. She has her red one and
he's got his pink one.
And so they take they, they draw
their circles and they create a
tandem bike out of it. And as
they start to get on, as they
get on the bike, the bird, this
child with the pink marker's
bird, he is flying behind them.
And Josephine finally has
someone to play with because he
has found somebody that matches
her type of imagination.
And had that same type of.
Little marker. #END_journey
Yeah, that was the story. That
was great.
OK. So moving on to the next
item.
It is again a graphic novel.
Story so describe what you see
and what is happening as you go
through it.
Feel bad?
#START_arrival_2 So we start
with three women and their heads
are covered in shrouds, they are
in long dresses with long
sleeves, and their heads are
covered with these.
White shrouds and next to them
there appear to all be on a
boat. There are ropes behind
them. These men are in hats.
Pageboy hats and long coats.
And there's luggage around them,
all around them and so.
They're all seem to be on a
voyage somewhere. This woman is
holding a baby, and her hair is
wrapped up, and behind her
there's a man, also in a long
coat. And so they're they're
clearly on a voyage somewhere.
And sitting on his suitcase is
the man. He's writing in his
journal. He's writing in his
journal. And as he begins to rip
out the pages of the journal, he
begins.
Make swan. So he starts to rip
off the pages of the journal
that he's writing in, and he
says make Swans and.
He's holding it up and this one
flies away.
And then?
So then as he, he watches the
swan fly away and he's looking
around for it because.
He thinks that that is so
bizarre that this one would fly
away.
and he's looking and he's
looking.
And he looks up.
And they're all of these white
birds that are above him.
And everybody is on the boat is
so ecstatic because they're
like, oh, look at all the white
birds. They've looked to be all
going together and migrating,
just like we're all migrating.
And.
Yeah.
{And should I do longer than
that?
OK, it was good.} And then they
as they pull up them.
They see these.
Big statues.
Of.
A of two people, one with a.
Rabbit type of
Creature, it's like a squirrel
with long ears and a really long
tail, and another person that
has. There's these statues of
these two people, one has a
lemur type of thing and the
other person has a bird on their
shoulder and they're shaking
hands and next to them.
Are these two boats
That are also statues that are
filled with.
Suitcase, teacups, various
different types of utilities for
there's an egg on a vase, and
then on the other ship that
there is, there there is a tea
kettle, and there is.
A pot of some sort and they seem
to be placed in.
The water as almost a gate into
this city that these people seem
to be migrating into. They're
all coming in on all these
boats.
And there are several different
types of boats seem to all be
coming into this city and so.
People are looking at these
statues and they're wondering
what's going on.
So as the boat pulls up to the
shore, people start to get a
little nervous about what's
going to happen. People There's
someone with a megaphone, it's
um bud megaphone it's pretty
rudimentary.
Just a horn and he's speaking in
and he's saying like I'm
assuming, directing people on
where to go.
And so they unlock the doors to
the boat and everybody's
grabbing at their suitcases and
they start to file out into the
line onto the city.
land to the city, and they're
forming a line and they're all
coming out of the boat and
they're all getting into this
city, and so they're all making
a line there.
All of these people just from
this really big line with all of
their bags and everything, and
there's families kind of huddled
together, so it definitely looks
like.
The TSA line at the airport now.
#END_arrival_2
OK. That was the part of the
story that you just described
and we now move on to the next
item.
It's a complex scene, so it's a
busy complex scene. Just
describe what you see and what
is happening.
In as many details as you can,
OK.
#START_dinasours_spacemen_and_ghouls
So this appears to be a picture
of.
Umm.
Movie set.
Or some type of Convention
Center. We can see that behind
each of these little stations
there are about 5 stations.
There's one to the top left side
of the page that is all focused
on dinosaurs. And then there is.
The one right next to it.
Closer to the right side of the
page, it is all.
Spaceship and alien related, and
then the three in the front
going from left to right it
seems to be costumes and makeup,
and then in the middle it seems
to be a haunted forest.
And then on the right side at
the bottom, it looks to be a
diner with ice cream and lots of
different and pie. I see like
there are pictures of pie and
everything. So it does look to
be a movie set because there's
like lights everywhere that are
hanging around and people, we
have a makeup station that in
the left hand corner. People are
clearly putting on their
costumes and getting all ready.
We see a person going into a
dressing room in a pink dinosaur
costume.
And people are sitting down
getting their makeup done and
then in the.
Evil Haunted forest area. There
looks to be 3 big lights and
beneath that there are people
dressed as mummies. There are
people dress as.
Like green goblins and ghosts
and werewolves, and they all
have their arms outstretched and
they're shooting something
because somebody is has like a
director's camera and it's
pointing at them.
And he's appear to be shooting
something in this haunted
forest. It's got trees. You can
kind of tell that it's haunted
because there's.
The truth have faces that have
those like stereotypical, like
yellow eyes peeking out and they
look got black back. It's in
those trees. It's a little black
background and they've got teeth
and everything. So you can kind
of tell is the haunted for the
haunted forest. And then next
door to that, on the right is
the diner where it looks like
all of the cast and characters
are kind of all gathered to eat.
We see Dracula.
Sitting next to like an alien
and they all, some people appear
to be in costume, some appear to
be in plain dress. So you seem
very clearly tell like this is a
place that people are going kind
of in between shots.
And Umm.
Yeah. And so I mean we see
somebody in these big green
pants with red polka dots and
they're kind of like those
overalls and it's got they have
a almost like a buffet style
type of line where you go and
you get your food. It's like a
cafeteria style, cafeteria style
food.
They're going up, they're
getting your food, and then
there's somebody, a woman with a
pink dress is checking people
out as they get their food and
they head out the door. And then
if you turn to the space
station, there like 10 or 15
people that are being suspended
by these ropes.
That are dressed up like and
they're dressed up like
astronauts.
There are five or four different
types of.
Like.
UFO's and they're filled with
the aliens or people that are
dressed in alien attire. There
is a all of the space.
The astronauts are all coming
out of this spaceship. It's an
orange and yellow spaceship on
this blue like deserted land.
I'm assuming Mars I'm gonna say
Mars and it's on there on this
blue Mars type of set.
In front of the spaceship
there's somebody in a directors
chair, but that is filming the
scene. There's boom mic and all
sorts of people are just kind of
the astronauts are around, and
it seems to be a big scuffle
between the astronauts and the
aliens. Meanwhile, directors are
kind of directing people.
There's a person in a blue and
white striped shirt with pink
ship let with the pink pants
that is directing.
Say an astronaut. We have
A lot going on with that, and
the UFO's are pink and green and
red.
And they're all suspended in
there. There's one that looks to
be almost like a Titanic, like
it was like a Titanic UFO.
Umm.
And so not only move on to the
dinosaurs and.
In the dinosaur area there are.
Like 5 or 6. It's like dinosaurs
and Cavemen and the Cavemen all
are dressed pretty
stereotypically in these brown
little.
scruffy would have belonged to
mammoth dresses.
There and that type of attire
and and there are five or six.
So dinosaurs that are all
dressed up and they're Cavemen
are all.
Playing with the dinosaurs and
scratching them and.
#END_dinasours_spacemen_and_ghouls
Yeah.
Yeah, you just let me know
whenever I need to stop talking
about it, OK? Alright. So before
that, let's take a break. This
is being OK.
Alright.
Now the next item is again a
complex scene, so describe what
you see and what is happening in
the estimate details as you can,
and I'll keep track of the time.
They will be between three and
five minutes.
#START_birthday_party_fum This
looks to be a birthday party.
I can kind of tell from there's
a birthday cake that is being
presented in the the left side
of the page that someone in the
blue shirt is walking around
with birthday cake. And there's
also the biggest thing indicator
is the bouncy house. It's got
blue, it's got yellow and red
Spires resembling a castle, and
there appears to be.
All sorts of kids in these
various different costumes. So
it's a costume birthday party,
and there's a rabbit that's
jumping on the bouncy castle, a
bat that's jumping on the bouncy
castle, some kid is dressed up
as Spiderman. There's an Iron
Man and an alligator and a gnome
and uh a witch. And so they're
all kind of jumping on the
bouncy castle and it looks.
It's an outdoor party. We can
kind of tell from the trees.
There are party decorations that
are hung over the trees and
they're so there are like little
lanterns and everything.
And there are people that are
like kids, dress as, like
animals. And so there's one as a
lion, there's one in zebra,
there's one as an elephant that
there is some and they're just
kind of all running around. And
then there's also a pool, like a
little Kiddie pool where someone
is dressed as a mermaid and
people are throwing water onto
her and.
They're like squirting each
other what looks like.
Squirting like water guns and
everything. They're squirting
each other in the face, but and
then there's a kid with a hose
with squirting himself in the
face, and he looks like he's
dressed as a fireman, which is
ironic. And then there next to
that is a table full of
presents, which is another
indicator of the party. So
there's a white table, and it's
right next to the front gate to
the garden party where people
are walking in holding presents.
They're dropping them off at the
party section. At the gift
section, people are collecting
the gifts and then so they just
setting them on the table and
then participating in the fun.
There is a clown with a pink
wig, a purple hat, a yellow
suit, and big giant clown feet.
That's a little to the left top
of the Kitty pool section. So
there's the Kiddie pool section.
That's down.
By the left bottom part of the
page, I go in the middle and the
clown is right next to that, and
you've got three balloons. Got a
yellow balloon, a red balloon
and a blue balloon.
And he's surrounded by all these
kids. This one girl that is
dressed as a fairy looks
terrified and she was very
unhappy.
And then next to the clown,
there are two sides of tug of
war. There are some kids that
are dressed as.
There's a superhero at the front
and a kid that dressed as a.
what is it that got the horns,
the helmet that has a... Viking!
kind of Viking hat, and they're
right next to the table with all
the food. So you've got
sandwiches, cake, cupcakes,
salad, party plates, parties,
animals and all that stuff like
that. And then they have that
person with the cake that's
coming by and the cake has
little candles in it. And so
we're all, they're all going to
sit around and sing happy
birthday.
#END_birthday_party_fun
OK, moving on. This is another
complex scene.
OK, so you can start when you're
ready.
It's down.
#START_picture_this It looks to
just be a series of.
Pictures that so portraits and
things. So there's several
portraits. We'll first start
with the right side of the page,
because there's a lot to go off
of. I just keep getting drawn to
the middle of the right side of
the page. It is a bald man with
these two Tufts of hair and two
tubs of his eyebrows are really
fluffy. He's got a handlebar
mustache and he's wearing a blue
shirt. And then right above him
there are three people that are
wearing.
Like tank tops and spiked belts
and.
It seems like one of them is
wearing like a a bandit hat and
is whacking the other person in
the face.
And they're all but They're all
wearing bandit hats. And the
person below, the mustache man,
has uh red slippers and a red
snorkel with a green bathing
suit. And they're floating on
top of a fountain, a water
fountain. And then the portrait
below that has two people, one
in a red suit, one in a blue
suit on a rocket ship.
And then below that, there's a
person that has a putt being
putt in the face with a red pie.
And below that there are two
people, one in a red shirt, one
in the green shirt, and they're
sitting next to a palm tree.
And what is falling on them, are
those grapes? They could be
grapes. Hmm. I don't know what's
going on on it look like little
bear. They appear to look like
grapes or some type of like nut
or acorn or something. But I
guess the person that like hit
it had it them all fall onto the
person with the green shirt. So
the person with the green shirt
is aghast.
And then at the bottom of that
page there is a woman in a
yellow shirt that comes in
contact with a dragon that looks
like with red eyes and it's got
smoke coming out of its little,
it's like little snorkel area.
And then the person next to that
or the portion next to that has
bear and a person in a brown
shirt that's kind of that has
their.
Back towards the bear, and the
bear is tapping the person on
the shoulder, so that can't go
well.
And then there is a person with
a red face covering.
And they're skiing, but they're
wearing like a a red like morph
suit or something, and there's
skiing with like a blue jacket
on.
And.
I'm just going to look at the
bigger pictures now. So there is
another picture that has hand to
the right side of it and they
have rings on each of the hand.
It looks like and.
Then up at the top of the right
side of the page there are two
people that are sumo wrestling.
So they're in like little sumo
underwear type of clothing and
they appear to be sumo wrestling
and then we move on to the left
side of the page. There's a
person that is in a snowball, so
they are in a like snowball and
they have their arms sticking
out from the.
snowball and their head sticking
out from the snowball and it
looks like a leg sticking out
from the snowball and.
They and then below that is a
person that looks like they're
bent over like some type of.
Guardrail or something. It looks
like there are two metal beams
and they're kind of splayed out
over that. Like their legs are
on one side and their upper
bodies on the other side, and
they're wearing a yellow shirt
and pants and hat.
And then right next to that is a
person that has like a very tall
pointy witch hat and looks like
their face is green. So maybe
it's.
From the Wizard of Oz or
something. #END_picture_pictures
And then yeah, good, it was
about the little portraits.
Yeah, OK, so the next item.
It's a part of the story again.
So as you go through the story,
describe what is happening and
what you see.
#START_arrival_1 All right, so
it opens up on a family of three
dad, mom or two, parents and
child and.
That person is taking it down
off of the it's a portrait of
them, and a person is taking it
down off of whatever.
Ledge it was on and they start
wrapping it in this paper and
they start tying a ribbon around
it and they put packet it in
their suitcase and close the
suitcase with a buckle and start
to push it away.
Also on this ledge, it looks
like is a bird, a paper machine
bird, a clock.
It's just focusing on different
aspects of this couple's home.
There's a a hat and a cloth for
drying of some sort. There's a
pot with a wooden spoon. There
is a child's drawing of the
family, so it looks like the
dad. He has the hat on. He also
has the bird on his arm, and
then the mom and the dad, and
it's really painting a picture
of the the family's house.
There's a tea kettle that looks
to be broken with a tea kettle.
Like tea mug and that is just
kind of.
Kept. But you can kind of tell
that this is a family that's
poor, but they're packing up
their that family picture for
some reason. And so that's
that's the suitcase that we see
is that this couple is holding
hands over the suitcase for some
reason, having packed up their
family picture.
Um.
So a child starts to wake up,
it's I guess it's morning time
and she starts to wake up, rubs
her eyes as she goes downstairs
to eat food and she's eating
breakfast and she notices the
suitcase and she notices her dad
starting to get ready and her
mom starting to get ready. The
mom wrapped the cloth around
herself. Her dad puts on her hat
and they helped her put on her,
her jacket and her rain boots
and they help her grab her
suitcase and they leave their
house and as they're leaving
their house.
See the tail of the dragon kind
of fly by.
And so they're very mournfully
leaving. Wherever they're going,
they're leaving.
It doesn't look like they're all
leaving together. So the girl is
looking up, but she's got her
hat on. She's holding on to her
dad's hat. She sees a train
that's coming and there are
people all around them that are
currently leaving as well.
They've all got their bags and
everything. Um the dad turns
towards her, the daughter, and
lifts up his hat and underneath
the hat is the paper machine
dove, and she holds on to it and
she gives him a big hug and she
holds the dove in her hand and.
Looks up at her mother and her
mother is crying and her mother
hugs her father and they have a
very sweet embrace where he's
getting ready to leave and then
he ends up leaving and they hold
on to his hand for as long as
they can, but he gets on the
train and leaves and the train
rides out of sight.
And so while he's on the train,
it kind of focuses on the, first
it focuses on like the portrait
of the family, and it pans back
a little bit and you see him
eating his food.
And he's eating some soup and it
keeps panning out and panning
out and panning out until you
see that he's on the Titanic.
And that it cannot be good. And
so he's on the Titanic and it
seems that he's probably going
to die on the Titanic and.
#END_arrival_1
OK.
OK, let's finish another part of
the story and we can now go on
to the next item.
Um, again. It's a complex scene.
There's a lot going on. Just
describe it in as many details
as you can and you can start
when you're ready.
All right.
#START_wild_west So this looks
like it is like a Wild West
themed fun house carnival. So
there are all sorts of saloon
signs everywhere. There is the
tame east saloon, there's two
saloons that are just saloon. So
because there's like a lot of
like wild Wild West, big wild.
west themed. So everybody is in
cowboy hats and.
And at the top right corner we
see somebody on a White Horse,
kind of literally was like
running off into a picture of
the sunset and they're waving
everybody goodbye. Umm. And then
there looks to be a group of
scientists. They've all got like
white coats.
And they're walking towards the
saloon and and so then.
At the one more saloon there is
a cannon and a group of people
are observing the cannon. There
are also a group of people that
are painting the one more saloon
red instead of yellow, and so
maybe this is the set. So
they're painting it red with
yellow, there's ladders
everywhere, and then below that
there is a red train with the
number 2 on it.
And um.
So they are that that's coming
up to a stop and there's a
carriage in front of there. It's
a red carriage. It's got all
sorts of luggage and such on it
and then the.
Pioneer Saloon, so the pioneer
saloon.
has all sorts of people just
kind of hanging off. It's a blue
building. And then I can't tell
if the red part of the building
that's right in front of it is
also part of that red of the
Pioneer saloon, but
We're going to say this and it
looks like they're all just
people hanging off of the.
All the stairs and there's a
director there. Actually, they
have a big movie camera filming
this scene, OK.
And then next to the Pioneer
Saloon, on the left bottom side
of the page, there are stamps of
bison. It looks like there's
like 30 stamps of like bison
and.
There's a horse that's drawing a
picture of.
Of a carriage or what is the
what are those called they I
used to pioneer in them pioneer
carriage and they but the horse
is drawing it and that's absurd
and that's right near the bison
and the jail and on the jail
there are two pictures under a
wanted sign of these two
individuals.
Um, and the jails also has
somebody in a black and yellow
striped shirt coming out of the
fireplace, out at the top of the
fireplace, and that takes you
right out onto the top of the
house and into the hotel part of
the area. And so the hotel's
orange, and there seems to be
people that are smoking or not
smoking. They're shooting guns.
Because a one woman is shooting
2 guns.
Kind of like you. And so she
has, she can kind of tell
because there is smoke coming
out from either side of her and
she's in a yellow dress and
people are ducking under tables
and they're sitting and watching
and just kind of getting away
from her and diving onto the
ground to avoid her.
Next to the hotel is the saloon.
It's a green saloon. There are
two people, one in a red shirt,
red Plaid shirt with a white
vest.
And a person in a orange shirt
with a white cowboy hat and blue
jeans. They both have lassos and
they're just standing on top of
the saloon, just on top of the
saloon's roof.
And.
Then um.
Behind them there are like more
caravans and such like that. The
caravans seem to have some type
of like design of like red
decorations, pink decorations,
green decorations. But they're
white caravans and they've got
some type of design on them and
they're right in front of the
team east saloon. #END_wild_west
Umm, that was good.
We can't move on. How are
things?
I'm getting a little again. I
think it's the screen. It's
yeah, staring at something.
I'm doing OK OK just a few more
will be good.
This is a complex scene. Just
describe the picture to someone
who imagined that you're
describing, to someone who
cannot see it. Just describe it
as thoroughly as you can and now
keep track of the time.
#START_campsite So this appears
to be.
A.
Outdoor like beach area, so
there is not even a beach area.
So there is a a stream that's
going through the middle of the
picture and on one side of the
stream there are.
Almost like camping, there are
all sorts of RVs and everything.
They're all set up, they're
mobile homes and then on the
other side.
On the left side of it, there
are like tents that are being
pitched and there are donkeys
and bulls that seem to be there
and they're participating in
some type of like bull
competition because someone has
a red, has a little red bandana
and you can see angering the
ball. But going over the stream
there is a bridge so people are
able to cross the stream very
easily.
And then going down the stream,
there is a little boat that has
a bunch of people that are in
very good shape. They're in
Speedos and they are.
Appear to be. Yeah, they appear
to all be men in Speedos.
They're just waving hi to
everyone. And there are mermaids
that are swimming in the stream
as people fish out off of the
side of the stream. And like I
said, there's tents that are
pitched and so people are
sitting outside. There's one
tent that is has floral prints
and outside of that print, out
of that tent, there are people
that are playing the guitar.
And they're very, very
hippie-esque. If they all have
really long hair, they're
playing the guitar and then the
and the one next to it has all
these little kids around it. And
it looks like whoever is trying
to pitch the tent is having a
really tough time of it because
the tent is not pitched
correctly at all.
But it looks to be like there
are like one side of the left
side of the stream are people
that are camping, and there are
people with backpacks and wooden
sticks and hiking sticks that
seem to be crawling in some
places. And um walking in some
places just overly exhausted
with and they're
This kind of camping they're,
they look really exhausted. You
can kind of tell from the way
their tongues are hanging out.
They're panting. And then on the
other side it looks much more
vacation and like picturesque.
There's a Boy Scout troop that's
over on the right side to the
farthest right part of the page.
They have all of the.
Little kids are saluting an
adult. They all have little
green bandanas and they all have
their heads. They're all
saluting.
Whatever leader that may be, but
he's not wearing a green
bandana. And so they're pitch,
they're making fire out of like
firewood and everything. And
then when you get to the RVs and
everything, there is one that
somebody has clearly cooked
something poorly because there's
smoke coming out of it. But
there are also families, Oh no,
there's families grilling and
the smoke is going into that RV
and that RV, like they look very
upset about it.
And there's another RV that's
grilling that it's a green space
with a pink top, which is very
cool. I like the colors a lot.
So yeah, that's the only thing
is that these spaces, they're
kind of sectioned off. There's a
white path that's going around
the entire outer side for people
to bike on for walk on. And then
there's green spaces that are
designated by a green Bush that
goes all the way around the
perimeter and it's.
Light green in the middle.
And so you could kind of tell
that it's all sectioned off by
the green shrub that is like on
the outside, and then the light
green space on the inside is
where people are all gathering
on the inside.
And there's also another RV that
has red and white stripes on
their awning, and that awning is
open.
There are people that are riding
their bikes, we see a dog, we
see somebody that is looks like
in a gondola that got hit by the
bridge that looks like they are
going to lose their gondola
paddle and fall into the water
and and people look confused.
And then there looks to be a
submarine top with a duck
standing on the submarine
lookout space.
And there's a shark fin as well.
#END_campsite OK, great.
OK.
OK, moving on to the next item,
it's a.
Other complex scenes like.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo So
this is at this zoo.
And we see off the get go, there
are giraffes that are there.
This is the zoo, and they're
stealing. There's a lot of chaos
going on they're stealing like
some food from people. There's a
rhinoceros that is chasing
people off of the path that
everybody walks on on there.
When you're at the zoo, there
are several different types of
enclosures, and so there's a
space in the middle and a
rhinoceros have gotten loose.
From the space in the enclosure
and children are leaping into
the lion's den enclosure.
They're dropping into the lion's
den enclosure and the lion is
licking his lips. He's so
excited to eat the children.
There's also a Peacock that is
walking around in the adult and
like in the space that everybody
walks around and there's
somebody that's selling hot
dogs.
And um.
In the safari area there are
some zebra, there are three
flamingos and a hippopotamus,
and.
Then there's also two lemurs
that are hanging out from a tree
and they're looking up at a a
weirdly colored green bird. Very
confused. In the middle of the
enclosure there is a looks like
we're Penguins would be, but we
don't see any animals. It's a
snowy type of enclosure. We can
see it's icy and there's very
clearly a like little holes and
steps with snow.
I don't see any of the animals,
so I don't know what they went,
but it can't be good. And then
behind there there's a polar
bear enclosure with three polar
bears. One of them is swimming
in the water.
In way in the back there is an
elephant and it looks like a
rhino and an ostrich, and the
elephant is snorting peanuts, or
at is sucking up the peanuts
from somebody that was behind
there.
There is a kangaroo that's
bouncing around in the enclosure
and outside of the enclosure
space it's just bouncing around
and.
People look frightened.
And then on top of there,
there's also a cafe and and in
front of the cafe is an ice
cream shop that looks like an
ice cream cone, which says the
words ice cream on it and so on.
And so like ice cream. So got a
lot of the zoo food. And then
there's a cafe with several
types of birds, there's looks to
be an eagle, a parakeet and some
types of Black bird.
There are designs all around of
flags with animals on them. To
to show that this is the zoo
area, there's a gift shop.
And next to the gift shop is all
the gorillas. There seems to be
a child impersonating a gorilla
or the gorilla's impersonating
the child and waving their arms
up and down and shaking their
legs.
And there's also a Penguin that
is flying a red and blue little
plane and it's being chased by a
parakeet, parakeet and chasing a
Penguin and yeah, it's a day at
the zoo.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
Alright, OK, cool.
So next we are moving on to.
Another scene.
#START_deep_sea_divers All
right, so this is a water scene.
Above the water, there are
several people, so it's split
between the top half of the
pages and above the water type
of scene, and the bottom half of
the page is what's going on
below.
And at the top of above the
water, there are rocks that
people are on their fishing.
And some of the rocks are
actually whales in disguise, and
the whales are attempting to eat
some of the people.
And but a lot of the time
they're like there's some
mermaids on one of the rocks
that's king Triton. He's
pushing, that's holding a
Triton.
Fish are leaping over the rocks
and but mostly there's just a
lot of people sitting on rocks.
Fishing people are fishing in
boats all around off the top of
the water. They're all, all of
the boats are striped and
they're either blue or red or
green, but they're all over the
place and they're all fishing.
And then below the water we see.
Um, several. Several fish are
doing bizarre things. So.
Some of the people have been
sucked down to the bottom by
some of these fish that have
pulled on their line little too
hard. So there's one session in
particular, it's a yellow fish
that is pulling down like four
or five people off of that, all
holding on to a fishing rod. The
fish are also looking to capture
some of the people, so there's a
fish is that's pink that has its
own.
Fishing net that looks to be
capturing the people the fish
are in very and then the people
have to be tied down to the
bottom of the ocean by rock by
these satchels of some sort.
They have like sacks on them,
like yellow sacks that are tied
around their bodies.
And they're all kind of standing
at the bottom of the ocean. So
it's very weird. There's an
octopus down there. The fish are
in several different designs. So
there's a fish that's, there's a
group of fish that are in the
shape of a smiley face. There's
a group of fish that are in the
shape of fish. There's a rainbow
fish that is being.
That has gotten caught on a hook
and is being pulled up to giant
rainbow fish. And then there are
just.
Most again everybody that is a
person is in a green, red or
blue striped swimsuit. You can
easily distinguish them from the
other fish and some mermaids.
The mermaids all have tails, so
it kind of appears as the people
are attacking the fish up above.
The fish are also attacking them
so below.
There's a group of green fish
that are all spinning kind of in
a they're all kind of going tail
to tail. There's four or five of
them, but the humps of their
back from the top make them look
like they're serpents. But
they're actually several
different groups of fish.
#END_deep_sea_divers
And.
Yeah, yeah, that's good.
I think that this won't be that
last one here. Let me grab that
real quick and that will be the
the next one will be the last
one we do today.
Delete.
So when I make future
appointments, how do I do that?
We will. We can talk about that
today if you have your schedule
decided for the next few weeks.
Otherwise if you still have
uncertainty, you can definitely
actually we will not do another
one today because the next one
will be quite long and there
will go overtime.
Yeah, we'll do, we'll do another
one. I'm pretty free. I'll let
you know my availability at the
end. OK, let's do another item.
This one is quite long.
Um, the pages are a bit longer,
so for each page.
Just spends less time than you
have done so far so that we the
pages are a little bit longer
right there. A lot more pages
for this particular graphic
novel.
You're right.
Yes.
Here.
That will stop at three.
OK.
Alright.
#START_wanderer Um, so there are
two people?
There is somebody that is
dressed in all black suit with a
horn, a half moon horn coming
out of their head and they look
this other person than any
stripe shirt and so they look to
be folding.
Um, a sheet of paper over and
over and making a paper
sailboat. Once they've completed
the paper sailboat, they.
It looks like they jump into it
and are up against a giant giant
sailboat. Looks like part
submarine, part giant sailboat,
so.
Yeah, and as they look up,
there's their paper sailboat
floating by, and there are all
sorts of birds that are up
above, flying above them. Vast
open ocean.
And as they're on the paper
sailboat, there's several
different types of animals that
are coming up to them. So there
are some sea turtles and a
whale. It looks like a whale.
Maybe it's the whale, I don't
know.
But they're all different
patterns, so they with
checkered. It is. It looks like
an orca whale.
Almost optical illusion or the
whale and orca whale picks up
the paper sailboat and flies
towards a coral reef that is
actually just an amalgamation of
multiple different types of
fish.
And so on this coral reef,
that's like 17 different types
of fish on the top are just.
Regular fish, but then as you
get deeper, the paper sailboat
kind of floats on them.
But you really do see that it's
all just kind of built up around
all of these fish and the coral
reef is just built up of the
fish.
And then you have fish that are
kissing each other and they look
almost like aliens. There's
somebody, one of them has shears
and they look to be cutting
their grass, but they all look
pretty surprised. And the paper
boat lowers a fishing rod and
ends up catching one of the
fish. And everybody was very
concerned.
Umm, so some of the fish got to
take a look at the sailboat. One
of them is in a pattern and has
its own sailboat had of its own,
and he hopped on his sailboat
and they start flying over the.
What are those called?
Umm, they are flat with little
faces and their names are
escaping me right now. Pranks.
No, they are.
Yeah, that is fine.
But they are. And then they get
to a forest that is filled with
all sorts of types of different
Swans and such.
And yeah, but there's like.
geese or Swans and starts to go
through the paper boat's It
starts to go through.
All of these different patterns
of Swans and geese and it's
just.
Woodland area with it looks
almost marshy, looks like a
marsh.
And there seems to be some
creatures with bright eyes
lurking in this marshy area that
are trying to they're all high,
kind of hidden. There's like
lizards, they're they're all
kind of hidden within and
disguised as trees, and they're
just looking down and almost
biting at the paper hat.
The paper boat as the fish sit
failed by in it, the fish failed
by in it and then see some some
of his own kind. And so he jumps
out to go be with them and he
says, oh I know those guys. And
so he comes out to go be with
them.
And as the boat goes by, it
passes a big giant whale.
And almost like a beluga whale
or something or something, but
the whale is.
Has part of its head sticking
out and it's smoking a pipe, and
then it keeps going by and it
sees this monster crab monster
of some sort.
Standing on a a like a ton of
different shipwreck boats that
have all been gathered on top of
one another and the boat paper
boat keeps sailing on.
Um.
And the paper boat keeps sailing
on towards the sun and you see
all sorts of these different
animals. We see elephants that
are.
Look like fish and lions that
look like fish, and seahorses
that look like horses. There's
cheetah fish. There are catfish
and dogfish and zebra fish and
clown fish that look like
clowns. And there are crocodile
fish that look like crocodiles
and butterfly fish that look
like butterflies and bird fish
and even the moon.
Kind of looks like it has some
some gills.
And as the boat keeps going on,
you see it looks like the sky is
so starry, but then below you
see it's actually just the eyes
of all these different types of
fish that are coming towards the
surface.
And they're all staring at the
boat and their eyes are just so
wide and they're just amazed um
at this boat.
And then you see Aurora Borealis
that is up in the sky as the
boat continues on, which means
that it's passed a lot of time.
And then you get to a glacier.
And it was, yeah.
Yeah. And then as it goes
through these other different
types of sculptures, so
sculptures it's landmarks, looks
like an ice or rock type of
Tavern and the boat is just kind
of sailing through.
And then once it comes out, a
light shines upon it. Almost
from a ship it appears like, but
then out of the water comes like
a scuba diver that has been
turned into a fish and they have
all of these tentacles that are
wrapped around their scuba
diving equipment and it picks up
the boat.
There are two of them, actually.
And they come up towards a big
boat, these two giant.
Boats, and they're these big
metal ports. They have all of
these, the luggage of big sacks
or something. I don't know what
that is yet though, but they're
emitting a lot of smoke.
Hmm.
And as he keeps going on, he
comes up to on oil rig. It looks
like in the middle of the ocean
there seems to be a whale
hanging off of it, off of the
oil rig and most of all around
as these birds that come just
crashing to the ground, they
look like they've all been
gotten smog poisoning.
And.
The boats or the oil rigs start
shooting at.
The.
The little boat and actually
hits it and.
Then there is also a person
that.
It looks like a.
Snorkeler, but they have like an
electric helmet and they have an
electric bucket ship.
And they go out to save the
wounded boat.
wounded paper boat. and so the
wounded paper boat.
Actually sailed by and I guess
that they've fallen into the
water this snorkeler. They fall
into the water and the paper
boat goes on and see this.
Um seashell that is full of all
these scary there's a scary
horse and the scary clown and
the deer with crazy antlers. And
then at the top is the
originator of the boat with the
Half Moon horn and the all black
attire.
And so the wave a huge wave
starts to take up the boat and
our Half Moon king, he says that
that will not happen and so he
takes he makes another paper.
Airplane. And he goes and he he
starts. He looks like he's gonna
throw it to save the boat.
And the paper airplane comes
flying through the air as a
storm approaches. Our little
paper boat that is still
wounded.
And ah, the air paper airplane
gets caught in a sea of sea
snakes and our paper boat
continues to sail on.
he gets navigates through all of
these sea snakes, he's
navigating through all of the
snakes, snakes all around, and
the snake's watching him.
Umm. And then as the book
continues to sail on, it looks
like it's starting to sink. We
pass from Narwhals that have
striped horns and some fish that
have some spiked noses, and then
we see a fish that's standing on
a deserted island with beer cans
and bottles of alcohol. And
you've got.
striped or he's got polka dots
all over him. and he's wearing
speedos.
And as the book goes on, he
comes up to all of these
jellyfish and all of the
jellyfish. There's one jellyfish
that has like.
Um.
Right on. It's not really
stripes like circus type of
stripe.
And the boat gets caught in the
classes in a school of fish and
continues to float down and down
below the water and looks to be
sinking. And as it gets to the
bottom it starts getting fed on
by these little.
I don't know what those are like
little fish.
Rat they have multiple different
legs and little arm and little
tentacles, and they're eating
the boat.
And in the back you see a.
You see a submarine that is kind
of has also fallen to the bottom
of the ocean.
And the submarine ends up saving
our little boat.
The little Paper boat and brings
it to an octopus vote.
There's a boat with an octopus.
And the boat gets tossed along
by sea lions as they're all
playing in the water, they're
playing it with the mouth and
then it looks like it's going to
go towards a underwater jungle.
And the underwater jungle, it's
just kind of bopping along and
being pushed by the.
ferns up the water and at the
bottom below them is a scuba
diver that is stealing a Pearl
from an oyster that they've
forced open.
The boat sailed past a several
different types of starfish
people that have been taken that
are have taken shelter on a
buoy.
And it starts sailing towards
the lighthouse.
And once it gets to the
lighthouse, where do we pass the
White House? This is a dock of
some sort.
Yeah, so get it going past the
dock now.
And then as it goes past the
dock, it comes up to several
different types of boats.
And and then once they go past
the boat, everybody is looking
at this.
Giant whale that is taking a
shower with an oxygen tank.
And then the book keeps going on
until it gets to a port, and the
port has a pattern that.
what are those called? a pattern
fish design of.
what is this called? Yeah,
anyway, and they've caught the
narwhal, yeah ohh they're
catching the narwhal and all the
animals and the boat is just
watching it all happened.
And now it's night time in this
area and we see our fish with
our with the striped.
Um, the striped Speedo that is
now flying through the air.
It's a flying fish.
And then and here.
And then when it gets to.
Umm, the base of this little
underground like cavern you see
several different types of you
see the Half Moon horn guy and
the deer with the antlers, with
the crackled antlers, and all of
the other all of the other
friends that they made on their
boat.
And then he keeps on going and
keeps on passing through this
underground tunnel.
And then he comes up to a lone
house and he finally docks and
we see that there is a person
that gets out. The person gets
out of the boat and the boat
disappears and he starts walking
up the stairs.
And he looks to be a combination
of the black One man and the
striped person that built him.
He's got stripes and he's in
black attire. Interesting. He's
walking up the stairs.
#END_wanderer
OK. Thank you for your time
today. This is the story.